When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When you are collaborating with others.
    When you want to share your code with others.
    When you want others to evaluate or suggest changes to your code.
    When you want to have a backup of your work.
    When you want to share (open source) your code with the world.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay-up-to-date with your remote repostiory?

    Because I might be working on a file that was update by someone else, so if it pulls, I will end up needing to merge the files. This could be confusing and time consuming.
    Additionally, if I'm currently working in a file and is updated and pulled automatically, I would end up overwriting the new file with the version I had open.

Describe the diffeences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Forking is cloning someone else's repository into one of my own, while attriubuting them for the original creation.
    Cloning is duplicating everything, including files, commits, and everything else. It's a clone, a complete and perfect copy of the original.
    Branches are basically names for new commits in order to keep the original one in a separate named commit.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    So you can compare the last known state to the actual current state before pushing.
    This way you make sure you are merging over the last latest state and not over an older one, overwriting it.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Probably alerting everyone about the files that I will be modifying, so they won't modify them as well while I'm doing work.
    Harder would be when collaborating with multiple people, since you would have to wait until someone finishes editing the file you want to use.
    Also, everyone would need to finish the work they are doing before closing the file and allowing others to share.
    Easier would be not having to use Git, which can get complicated in the beggining. As what said in the interview, it has a steep learning curve.
    I think the cheat sheet would be useful.
